Proof-reading (#2)
lsst/rtn-081: process.tex

\section{Process} \label{sec:process}

Throughout the Rubin pre-operations and survey operations phases, annually in May each team will look back at what was planned, what was achieved, do a full review of its activities, and propose a high level plan for the following (US fiscal) year.

Such an ``annual scrubbing'' is standard practice in other high energy physics experiments. 
The scrub allows the facility to continuously evolve its operating plan, taking critical input from the people that understand best what is really needed. 

> In Rubin’s case that is the Team Leaders, who are responsible for delivery at Level 3 of the observatory's work breakdown structure.

Reviewer: we haven't really introduced WBS or level 3 as a term anywhere. I'll update this to responsible for delivering products.

> In Rubin’s case that is the Team Leaders, who are responsible for delivery at Level 3 of the observatory's work breakdown structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rubin’s case that is the Team Leaders, who are responsible for delivering products.
```
